all right folks is pitching these 80 and
we are back playing Disney World on
Facebook Beauty and the Beast and we're
gonna be collecting the magic mirror
took about two hours for this thing to
complete now that it has been completed
we are gonna take it to the first place
that we visited because we are at Oh
papa oh no he's sick he may be dying and
he's all alone then you must go to him
Belle I thought you'd never see you
again
how did you escape from that beast he's
not a beast daddy I've come to collect
your father don't worry we'll take good
care of him at the asylum poor Belle I
might be able to clear up this little
misunderstanding if you marry me
never my father's not crazy and I can
prove it
bears show me the Beast what is this
monster once safe until he's gone I say
we kill the Beast
he's no monster Gaston you are I love it
I love it I love it so we get to play
the angry mob whoo there's one little
place I did not see this this place is
new so anyways let's go figure out the
angry mob all right so we have this this
necktie down here a hat torch estan
scarf or shoe grabbing our hand
awesome easily should be a 1-star yeah
perfect I won't let you do this if
you're not with us you're against us
bring the old man we can't have them
running off to warn the creature help
let us out
oh no we're gonna need some help I have
to escape and warn the Beast this is all
my fault
I could save Belle and her father I just
need a way to chop this door open will
you've gotten this far but she'll never
get out of that basement without
maurices invention what a pity it's gone
oh so we need to craft maurices
invention and look at that we are easily
gonna be able to craft this thing but
after I craft it I'm gonna need to spend
some time and craft this so what I'm
gonna do for you guys
if you guys just wait a little bit to
the next video in the next video
we are gonna be unlocking the West Wing
so see you guys all in a little bit this
is a fishing 88 over and out